with you again online shop on the biscuits
in this video review we will introduce you to
gainer from nsp
called mass volume good gamer i
I think does not need advertising on the Internet
find a lot of positive feedback about
This gamer and he probably wins
leading position manufacturers
of the company
emochki do everything possible so that their
its line ulus sports nutrition
raise the leading position well it
not without reason
I will briefly tell you about him
so now let's get to know the product
start jar we have two whole ship
it lasts from 3 tenths of a kilogram means
here we have 17 servings per container
portions is 132 grams while
per serving
510 kilocalories of fat 11 grams means
carbohydrate count 58 and the most important protein
46 grams
with this way the ratio of proteins and
carbohydrate equals us summer 60 by 40
probably a very impressive result
believe me by examining the composition of everything and
gamer I want to say that this here
leading figure among gamers but
let's say not just like that number but on
actually active ingredient here
very good effect why
because they make up this gamer
contains three different types of proteins
they differ in their action means
eating proteins quickly digestible means and
long digestible average digestibility
eat and also here are carbohydrates from various
sources are taken both fast and long
will have to mean like in favor of not
only to athletes who say so only
begin well and professionals of course
you have to pay for such quality
and its price is slightly higher than that of
products
personal on the market so whom
interested in this product come in
online store leg yo we have it go
a lot of sports nutrition including
from brand mhp
and you can buy this wonderful
gamer i just recommend to all people
who understand a lot about good
sports nutrition
thank